REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL
# 8024089-24
FOR
Digital Transformation and Modernization of
SNB.CA: Enhancing Customer Experience
through Agile and Customer-Centric Online
Services
PROVINCE OF NEW BRUNSWICK
Service New Brunswick
SUMMARY OF KEY INFORMATION
ISSUE DATE: September 8, 2023
CLOSING DATE FOR VENDOR RESPONSE
September 29, 2023, at 1:30 p.m. Fredericton time.
2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
SECTION 1 Summary of Key Information
1.1 Issue Date
1.2 Vendor Meeting
1.3 Closing Date for Vendor Response
SECTION 2 Administrative Requirements
2.1 Request for Proposal Terminology
SECTION 3 General Conditions
3.1 Standard Terms and Conditions
3.2 Mandatory Requirements
3.3 Conditions Right to Amend
3.4 Proposal Information
3.5 Changes to Proposal Wording
3.6 Vendor Incurred Costs
3.7 Indemnity
3.8 Evaluation of Proposals
3.9 Acceptance of Proposals
3.10 Financial Information
3.11 Official Languages
3.12 Additional Information
3.13 Acceptance of Terms and Conditions
3.14 Proposal Selection
3.15 News Releases
3.16 Privacy and Security
3.17 Contract Cancellation
3.18 Negotiation Delay
3.19 Contract for Services
3.20 Compliance with Laws
3.21 Proprietary Rights
3.22 No Lobbying
3.23 Debriefing
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS
SECTION 4 Submission of Proposals
4.1 Submission of Proposals
SECTION 5 Questions and Inquiries
SECTION 6 Background Information
6.1 General Overview of Department
6.2 Services Required
SECTION 7 Proposal Content & Requirements
7.1 Mandatory Requirements
7.2 General Requirements
7.2.1 Company Background
7.2.2 Project Team References
7.2.3 Project Approach
7.2.4 Sub-Contracting
7.3 Pricing
7.4 Appendices / Attachments
SECTION 8 Evaluation Procedures
8.1 Evaluation Criteria
APPENDIX A Required Tables
APPENDIX B Reference Form
PLEASE READ THE RFP VERY CAREFULLY TO ENSURE ALL REQUIREMENTS ARE
MET.
4
2.0 ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS
The following terms will apply to this Request for Proposal and to any
subsequent contract.
2.1 REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL TERMINOLOGY
BUSINESS DAY Any day other than Saturday, Sunday or
statutory holiday in the Province of New
Brunswick.
CONTRACTOR/SUPPLIER The successful proponent to this RFP who
enters into a written contract with the
Province.
STRATEGIC PROCUREMENT The Strategic Procurement Division of
Service New Brunswick (SNB)
PROVINCE His Majesty the King in Right of the
Province of New Brunswick as well as the
Strategic Procurement Division of Service
New Brunswick (SNB)
RFP Request for Proposal.
DEPARTMENT Service New Brunswick
Province of New Brunswick
PROPONENT/VENDOR An individual or a company that submits,
or intends to submit, a proposal in
response to this “Request for Proposal”
MUST/REQUIRED/SHALL/WILL A requirement which must be met in
order for the Proposal to receive
consideration.
SHOULD/DESIRABLE/MAY A requirement having a significant degree
of importance to the objectives of the
Request for Proposal.
5
3.0 GENERAL CONDITIONS
3.1 STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS
This Request for Proposals is subject to the Standard Terms and Conditions for
goods and services tenders for Province of New Brunswick, Service New
Brunswick, Strategic Procurement Division.
This RFP will be conducted in accordance with the Procurement Act and its
Regulations.
3.2 MANDATORY REQUIREMENTS
This Request for Proposal may contain mandatory requirements. Proposals not
meeting all mandatory requirements will be rejected without further
consideration.
3.3 CONDITIONS RIGHT TO AMEND
The government reserves the right to amend or supplement the RFP, giving
equal information and cooperation by way of issued addendum to all proponents
as a result of any such amendment.
3.4 PROPOSAL INFORMATION
Material, data and information accessed or provided by the government and used
in the preparation of the proposals is confidential and the property of the
government.
3.5 CHANGES TO PROPOSAL WORDING
There will be no changes in the wording of the proposal after submission and no
words or comments shall be added to the general conditions or detailed
specifications unless requested by the Strategic Procurement Division for
purposes of clarification.
3.6 VENDOR INCURRED COSTS
All costs incurred in the preparation and presentation of proposals in any way
whatsoever shall be wholly absorbed by the Vendor.
3.7 INDEMNITY
Unless otherwise expressly negotiated by the parties, the vendor will indemnify
and save harmless the Province from and against all claims, demands, losses,
damages, costs and expenses made against or incurred, suffered or sustained
6
by the Province at any time or times (either before or after the expiration or
sooner termination of this agreement) where the same or any of them are based
upon or arise out of or from anything done or omitted to be done by the vendor or
by any servant, employee, officer, director or sub-contractor of the vendor
pursuant to the contract.
3.8 EVALUATION OF PROPOSALS
A Committee formed for that purpose will evaluate all acceptable proposals. The
right is reserved to make an award based directly on the proposals submitted or
to negotiate further with the preferred proponent.
The province of New Brunswick reserves the right to negotiate pricing, value
added and other savings opportunities with the successful proponent at time of
award and throughout the duration of the contract.
3.9 ACCEPTANCE OF PROPOSALS
The Strategic Procurement Division is not bound to accept the lowest price or
any proposal of those submitted. Proposals will be assessed in light of the
evaluation criteria.
Subsequent to the submission of Proposals, interviews and negotiations may be
conducted with some of the proponents, but there shall be no obligation to
receive further information, whether in writing or oral, from any proponent. The
Province shall not be obligated in any manner to any proponent whatsoever until
a written agreement has been duly executed relating to an approved proposal.
3.10 FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Proponents may be requested to demonstrate financial stability during the
evaluation process.
3.11 OFFICIAL LANGUAGES
All suppliers engaged to deliver services on behalf of the Government of New
Brunswick must ensure compliance with the Official Languages Act in the
delivery of those services. For more information, please refer to the Official
Languages Act.
3.12 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Proposals may contain additional information. If alternative solutions are offered,
submit the information in the same format as a separate proposal.
3.13 ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Unless otherwise stated by the proponent, all terms and conditions of this RFP
document are assumed to be accepted and incorporated in the proponent’s
submission.
7
3.14 PROPOSAL SELECTION
Once a decision has been made, the successful Vendor will be notified by
Service New Brunswick. The committee will treat all proposals with strict
confidentiality and comparative information on proposals will not be divulged
except where required under the Right to Information and Protection of Privacy
Act. A Purchase of Service Contract may be signed with the Vendor once final
approval of the proposal is determined.
3.15 NEWS RELEASES
Vendors shall not make news releases concerning the RFP or the awarding of
the same without the written consent of the Province of New Brunswick and then
only in coordination with the Province of New Brunswick.
3.16 PRIVACY AND SECURITY
This document, or any portion thereof, may not be used for any purpose other
than the submission of proposals.
The vendor must agree to maintain security standards consistent with security
policies of the Province. These include strict control of access to data and
maintaining confidentiality of information gained while carrying out their duties.
Information pertaining to any department obtained by the vendor as a result of
participation in this project is confidential and must not be disclosed without
written authorization from the department.
The vendor must comply with the Protection of Privacy requirements as set out in
Part 3 of the Right to Information and Protection of Privacy Act (“Act”). The Act
creates obligations for the Province of New Brunswick and its services providers
when personal information is collected, used or disclosed. Requirements include
limiting collection, use, disclosure and retention of any personal information. For
more information regarding this Act, please consult:
http://laws.gnb.ca/en/showfulldoc/cs/R-10.6//20130627
3.17 CONTRACT CANCELLATION
The contract may be cancelled for, but not limited to, the following reasons.
If the contractor:
• Defaults in the observance of any of the conditions contained in the
contract or specifications
• Has become insolvent
• Has committed an act of bankruptcy
• If the Province:
• Cancels the annual budget allocation for this particular project.
8
3.18 NEGOTIATION DELAY
If a written contract cannot be negotiated within thirty (30) days of notification to
the designated vendor, the Strategic Procurement Division may, in its sole
discretion, with not less than two (2) business days’ notice, terminate
negotiations with that vendor and either negotiate a contract with another vendor
of its choice or choose to terminate the RFP process and not enter into a contract
with any of the vendors.
3.19 CONTRACT FOR SERVICES
Written notice of acceptance of a proposal by the Province, and the subsequent
full execution of a written contract will constitute a contract for the services. No
proponent will acquire any legal or equitable rights or privileges relative to the
services until the occurrence of both such events.
3.20 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS
The vendor shall give all the notices and obtain all the licenses and permits
required to perform the work. The vendor shall comply with all the laws
applicable to the work or the performance of the contract.
3.21 PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
All proposals, plans, drawings, specifications, technical data, designs, computer
program reports or other information (hereinafter referred to as “data”) produced
by the proponent in tangible form in the performance of the work to be provided
under this contract, shall be the property of the Government of New Brunswick.
The proponent shall be provided with copies of such data for its own use as may
be required for the purposes of this contract. Proposals prepared by the
proponent at its expense shall remain the property of the Government of New
Brunswick.
3.22 NO LOBBYING
Vendors should not initiate any communication or contact with elected or
appointed officials of the government or their staff, staff of the Province of New
Brunswick, or any other persons connected in any way with this Request for
Proposals who have not been named as designated contacts, with the intent of
influencing the RFP process. The Province reserves the right, in its absolute
discretion, to disqualify any vendor that fails to comply with this procedure.
3.23 DEBRIEFING
Unsuccessful proponents may request a debriefing with members of the
evaluation committee following execution of a contract with the successful
proponent.
4.0 SUBMISSION OF PROPOSALS
9
4.1 SUBMISSION OF PROPOSALS
4.1.1 PROPOSALS TO BE SUBMITTED BY ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION
Proposals for this RFP will only be accepted in one of the following
manners:
• By email to: NBBids@snb.ca or SoumissionsNB@snb.ca
(do not submit proposals to any other email)
• By e-bidding through NBON (when e-bidding is possible, and the
proponent is registered for electronic bidding in NBON). For assistance
with e-bidding, contact the NBON Help Desk at 1-800-561-1422.
4.1.2 PROPOSALS TO BE SUBMITTED ON TIME
Proposals must be submitted by electronic submission as set out in the
previous section and must be received on or before the Submission
Deadline as indicated below:
On or before 09 / 29 / 2023 / 1:30p.m. (Fredericton time)
mo. day yr. time
Proposals must be signed by an official of the company who has the
authority to bind the company to the statements in the submission.
Proposals received after the Submission Deadline will be rejected.
The Province’s time clock will be deemed to be correct.
4.1.3 PROPOSALS TO BE SUBMITTED IN PRESCRIBED FORMAT
The entire proposal should be submitted in two separate electronic files.
1) One electronic file for the technical proposal, saved as a Portable
Document Format (PDF) and prominently marked as “Technical Proposal”
with the RFP title and number (see RFP cover) and the full legal name
and return address of the proponent.
The electronic file name of the technical proposal should include
“Technical” and an abbreviated version of the proponent’s name and RFP
#. Financial information is not to be included in the technical proposal.
2) One electronic file for the financial proposal saved as a PDF or MS
Excel, and prominently marked as “Financial Proposal” with the RFP title
and number (see RFP cover) and the full legal name and return address
of the proponent.
10
The electronic file name of the financial proposal should include
“Financial” and an abbreviated version of the proponent’s name and RFP
#.
If submitting the entire proposal by email, both the Technical Proposal and
the Financial Proposal may be submitted in a single email or separate
emails provided they clearly indicate the name of the proponent and RFP#
in the subject line of the email(s).
Refer to the Instructions for Bid Submission in the Tender Notice for
further details.
4.1.4 AMENDMENT OF PROPOSALS PRIOR TO SUBMISSION DEADLINE
Proponents may amend their proposals prior to the Submission Deadline
by submitting the amendment prominently marked as an “Amendment”
with the RFP title and number and the full legal name and return address
by electronic transmission in accordance with section 4.1.1. The electronic
file name should include “Amendment” and an abbreviated form of the
proponent’s name and RFP #. Any amendment must clearly indicate
which part of the proposal the amendment is intended to amend or
replace. Any amendments received after the Submission Deadline will not
be accepted. Amendment must be signed by the person who signed the
original bid submission or by a person authorized to sign on his or her
behalf.
The proponent will not change the wording of its proposal after closing and
no words or comments will be added unless requested by the Province for
purposes of clarification.
4.1.5 WITHDRAWAL OF PROPOSALS
Proponents may withdraw their proposals prior to the Submission Deadline.
To withdraw a proposal, a notice of withdrawal must be received by the RFP
Contact prior to the Submission Deadline and must be signed by an
authorized representative of the proponent. The Province is under no
obligation to return withdrawn proposals.
4.1.6 PROPOSALS IRREVOCABLE AFTER SUBMISSION DEADLINE
Proposals shall be irrevocable for a period of Ninety (90) days from the
Submission Deadline.
11
5.0 QUESTIONS AND INQUIRIES
All inquiries related to this RFP are to be directed in writing to the Strategic
Procurement Division, at the following fax or email:
Carole-Anne Peckham
Strategic Procurement Division
Tel: (506) 453-7966 Fax: (506) 444-4200
Email:BidQuestionsSoumissions@SNB.ca
Proponent should include a contact name, a mailing address and Email address
on all correspondence.
All questions and responses will be made available to all proponents 1 (one)
week before the closing date, through the issuance of an amendment/addendum.
Further questions may not be accepted after this date.
All other information obtained from alternate sources cannot be considered
official and/or accurate.
12
6.0 BACKGROUND INFORMATION
6.1 GENERAL OVERVIEW OF SERVICE NEW BRUNSWICK:
SNB is the Government of New Brunswick’s chief provider of front-line services
to the public (customer), delivering:
• more than 300 services to the public through a network of office locations,
online services, and Service New Brunswick Teleservices (customer
contact centre).
• access to many federal, provincial, and municipal government services.
• operation of New Brunswick's Land, Personal Property, and Corporate
Registries.
• assessment of all land, buildings and improvements for property taxation
purposes and operation of the province's Property Assessment system;
and
• maintenance of New Brunswick's land information infrastructure, including
its survey control network and topographic mapping system.
SNB also provides vital operations for the provincial civil service, including:
• delivering procurement and sourcing services for Part 1 (GNB
departments), Part 2 (school districts), and Part 3 (regional health
authorities).
• leading the Energy Management strategy for GNB.
• Information Technology services for Part 1 and Part 3, including support of
approximately 1,800 business applications underpinning government
operations.
• Accounts payable services and central collections services.
• Payroll and benefits services.
• Printing and postal services; and
• Translation services.
Current technologies and technology platforms:
• Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) for web content management
functions
• Granicus Amanda for many licensing and permitting functions
• gBiz for forms-centric transactions, basic workflow management, and
shopping cart functionality
• Payment Hub (PHUB) for payment taking
• Broadcom Identity and Access Management (IAM) for user authorization
and identification
• Microsoft Dynamics
13
• Qualtrics
• Oracle CXM
• Salesforce
• Able Assess Knowledge Assessment and Skill for online administration of
tests
• Multiple bespoke .NET applications, such as the Motor Vehicle System
(MVS)
• QMATIC Orchestra for service centre line management and appointment
scheduling
• A modern cybersecurity solution to protect SNB.ca
The modernization project outlined in this RFP will be the catalyst to
significantly improve SNB's online service design and delivery approach. Its
priority is to enhance the digital experience of customers and improve the
efficiency, intuitiveness, and user-friendliness of online services. This initiative
aligns with SNB's vision of Excellence in Service Delivery and its commitment
to customer-centric service design and delivery.
6.2 SERVICES REQUIRED BY SERVICE NEW BRUNSWICK
SNB is seeking a partner for a 3-month engagement to introduce and train
SNB/GNB teams in a framework to enable the delivery of high-quality, easy to
use, digital services. The budget for this engagement is $300,000.
The overall approach should ensure the customer is at the center of every
decision that impacts them as services must be co-designed with customers in
both official languages. This approach should allow for feedback about the
service to be captured and actioned upon with quick turnaround times.
Due to the unknown time frame by including customers in the process, upon
agreement of both parties, an extension of sixty (60) days may be considered for
phase one (1).
After delivering the approach, the vendor will work with SNB/GNB teams to
modernize and launch a service as described below in the deliverables section.
This work will be used to test and refine the approach.
Deliverables for phase 1:
1. A documented framework that includes:
• A process to deliver high-quality, easy to use, digital services which
are customer focused and in alignment with the GNB Design System.
14
• A consistent approach to co-designing with the customer. Co-
designing with the customer is mandatory and must be performed in
both official languages, this means the customer will be actively
engaged throughout the entire process, including understanding
customer needs, through the design process as well as user testing to
ensure all solutions meet the needs of customers. We are expecting
the vendor to provide the approach as part of the framework to engage
with customers.
• A consistent approach to gather regular feedback and implement
improvements based on the feedback.
• A consistent approach to engage client departments in the
development of an end-to-end digital service.
• A consistent approach to ensure solutions are fully responsive and
accessible across all modern devices and platforms. The solutions
must also be scalable, allowing for the ability to scale horizontally or
vertically as needed.
2. An online service implemented in both official languages using this
framework. SNB has identified a notification service for vehicle registration
renewals which is an ideal candidate for this engagement. The current
service exists in two parts:
• Opt Out of Paper Registration Renewal Reminders
(https://www.pxw1.snb.ca/snb9000/product.aspx?productid=A001P
780901&l=e)
• Your Vehicle Renewal Reminder
(https://www.pxw1.snb.ca/snb9000/product.aspx?ProductID=A001
PSN780900&l=e)
By the end of the engagement, it is expected the vendor will have
completed the production deployment of a single service in both official
languages which manages renewal reminders on SNB.ca and satisfies the
needs of the customer.
SNB expects the selected partner to deliver the client experience modernization
and enhancements within the defined 3-month engagement period. The solution
must align with the GNB Design System and comply with SNB's standards for
language, security, privacy, and accessibility.
The contract for this engagement will include an optional phase two (2) based on
available funding. At the discretion of SNB, and upon mutual agreement of both
parties, Phase 2 will be an option for a 9-to-12-month extension to deliver up to
15
10 new digital services. Phase 2 will be decided based on the success and
learnings from phase 1. The budget for the optional extension will be defined and
agreed upon during the project.
16
7.0 PROPOSAL CONTENT & REQUIREMENTS
Proposals must include a table of contents, be presented in the following format,
and include a response to each question in the order in which it is asked. It is
helpful to the evaluation committee if the corresponding section headings are
utilized in your submission.
7.1 MANDATORY REQUIREMENTS
The following mandatory requirements must be addressed by all vendors
in their proposals:
Please note that failure to address any of the below mandatory requirements in
the proposal will result in the disqualification of the vendor from further
evaluation.
Submissions must be received in their entirety by the time and date indicated.
Submissions must be signed by an official of the company who is authorized to
sign on behalf of/and bind the company to statements made in their submission.
The “Grand Total” proposed by the vendor for the duration of the three-month
term, exclusive of any extensions, must not exceed $300,000 in Canadian funds,
exclusive of taxes. Pricing submissions more than $300,000, exclusive of taxes,
will result in immediate disqualification of the proposal.
Submissions must include the following appendices/documents:
• Appendix A - Project Team Chart, and
• Appendix B – Reference Form.
7.2 GENERAL REQUIREMENTS
7.2.1 COMPANY BACKGROUND WITH REFERENCES
Provide a brief summary of the history of your company including years in
business, number of staff, location, etc.
Provide references of clients for whom you have completed a project of
similar scope and nature as this project. Include a description of the
project, Company name, address, telephone, email address and contact
person. Complete the form provided in Appendix B, Reference Form,
to provide these company references.
To maximize points in this section, additional points will be awarded to
companies who have successfully completed projects that demonstrate
17
expertise in co designing with the customer and delivering digital services
and have received positive feedback from clients.
7.2.2 PROJECT TEAM WITH REFERENCES
List the individuals who will be assigned to this project.
For each team member, identify their role for this engagement, the
relevant skills and experience which make them ideal for the specific role
to which they are assigned, and how many days a week they are expected
to dedicate to the project.
Additional points will be awarded to teams which can demonstrate:
• a minimum of [3] years of experience in developing digital services
• experience working with the existing SNB platforms as listed in
section 6.1
• how team members have experience in an Agile framework such
as SAFe, Scrum, Kanban, or Lean will be used during this
engagement
• teams whose members can provide positive references from
clients who have been satisfied with their services
• a proven track record of successful project delivery.
Submissions must include a completed Project Team Table (see
Appendix A).
A copy of each team member’s resume must also be included.
Provide references from at least 2 clients for which each of the project
team members have provided a service similar in scope and nature to the
service required in this RFP.
In the event a project team member needs to be replaced for any reason,
SNB would expect a resource with equivalent or greater experience and
skills to resume duties as assigned. The department reserves the right to
request a detailed resume/references to confirm.
7.2.3 Project Approach
Explain how you will approach this work to ensure both high-quality digital
services and a solid repeatable process as part of the overall framework
which keeps the customer at the center of the process.
1. Describe how communications will be managed during the
engagement to ensure all stakeholders and team members will be
kept up to date with the engagement’s progress.
18
2. Describe how risks will be identified and mitigated for this project.
3. Describe how changes to this project will be managed.
To maximize points in the section, the proponent should clearly explain
how they will utilize their team to engage both the customer and SNB/GNB
staff to achieve the goal and describe how the approach can be applied
utilizing existing SNB platforms as listed in section 6.1.
7.2.4 SUB-CONTRACTING
Utilizing a subcontractor, or subcontractors, (who must clearly be
identified) in the prime bidder’s response is acceptable. This also includes
a joint submission by two or more bidders having no formal corporate
links. However, in this case one of these bidders must be prepared to take
overall responsibility for successful interconnection of the multiple
organizations and this must be defined in the Proposal. Also, one firm
must act as the sole interface between the joint partners and the
Department.
a) Identify any Subcontractors, providing information on each
Subcontractor.
b) Identify which bidder is responsible for the overall project and describe
how the sub-contractor(s) will interconnect with the prime bidders.
c) Identify who will be the sole interface between the joint partners and the
Department.
7.3 PRICING
NOTE: All pricing information should be submitted in a separate electronic
document, in accordance with section 4.
The “Grand Total” proposed by the vendor for the duration of the three-month
term, exclusive of any extensions, must not exceed $300,000 in Canadian funds,
exclusive of taxes. Pricing submissions more than $300,000, exclusive of taxes,
will result in immediate disqualification of the proposal.
In order to ensure uniformity in the submission and evaluation of pricing
information, please follow the guidelines outlined below:
1. Pricing Format: Please submit the pricing information in a separate electronic
document, clearly labeled and organized for easy reference.
19
2. Type of Pricing: The vendor is required to provide a fixed price for the project.
This must include all costs associated with delivering the services as outlined in
this RFP.
• Time and Materials: The pricing must be based on a fixed cost for the
entire project, rather than per diem, weekly, or monthly rates. Travel
time, if required, must be included in the pricing.
• Expenses: The pricing must be inclusive of all out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by the vendor in the delivery of the services, travel, translation
services, etc.
• Additional Costs: The pricing must cover all aspects of the project,
including delivery, installation, start-up, and any required equipment or
software licenses. Please provide a detailed breakdown of any
additional costs, such as list price, discounts, net purchase, rental, or
lease options.
• Optional Services: If there are any optional services or add-ons that
can be priced separately, please clearly indicate them in the pricing
document.
• Consumables: If the project requires the use of consumables, please
include their pricing separately, if applicable.
Please ensure that the pricing document is comprehensive and provides a clear
understanding of the costs associated with the project.
Payment schedule will be determined based on milestone dates from the
proponent’s project plan.
7.4 APPENDICES / ATTACHMENTS
All materials submitted as appendices / attachments to the proposal must be
clearly indicated in the Table of Contents. Material not so documented by the
Vendor will be considered as extraneous information. This list of attachments
must also contain a brief description of the attached material, including what
information can be gained by the evaluation team from its examination of the
material.
20
8.0 EVALUATION PROCEDURE
A Committee made up of representatives from Service New Brunswick Strategic
Procurement Division, Service New Brunswick Technology Services Division,
SNB Public Services Division and New Brunswick Office of the Chief Information
Officer (OCIO) will evaluate all proposals. The accepted proposals will be used
as the basis for selecting the successful proponent(s).
The process will include a review and check of the information contained in the
proposals and interviewing references familiar with the work of the Vendor.
8.1 EVALUATION CRITERIA
The evaluation of proposals will be conducted through evaluation of the criteria
as laid out in the table below:
REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL EVALUATION CRITERIA
CRITERION Weight /
Points
Minimum
Score
Required
Company Background with References 10% 5%
Project Team with References 40% 30%
Project Approach 40% 30%
Pricing 10% N/A
TOTAL 100% 65%
The province of New Brunswick reserves the right to negotiate pricing, value
added and other savings opportunities with the successful proponent at time of
award and throughout the duration of the contract.
21
Appendix A – Required Tables
PROJECT TEAM TABLE
Complete the following Project Team Table
Team Member Role Relevant Experience
and Skills
Total
Effort
22
Appendix B – Reference Form
Reference #1
Company Name:
Company Address:
Contact Name:
Contact E-mail:
Contact Telephone
Number:
Date Work Undertaken:
Alignment to Services
Requested:
Reference #2
Company Name:
Company Address:
Contact Name:
Contact E-mail:
Contact Telephone
Number:
Date Work Undertaken:
Alignment to Services
Requested:
Reference #3
Company Name:
Company Address:
Contact Name:
23
Contact E-mail:
Contact Telephone
Number:
Date Work Undertaken:
Alignment to Services
Requested: